README.md, before:

# Mailing List Scraper

**mailingListScraper** is a tool to extract data from public email lists in a format suitable for data analysis.

For now, this scraper only supports the Linux Kernel Mailing List, using this public archive : [http://lkml.iu.edu/hypermail/linux/kernel/](http://lkml.iu.edu/hypermail/linux/kernel/).

*Disclaimer:*

+ The hypermail spider is NOT ready for production use yet.
+ This scraper is developed in Python 3.5.2 with the [scrapy](https://doc.scrapy.org/en/latest/) framework.

## Set up

Make sure to install [scrapy](https://doc.scrapy.org/en/latest/intro/install.html) and the dependencies first.

```
pip install scrapy python-dateutil
```

Clone the repo and `cd` into it. You're done!

## Quick guide

You can launch a specific spider running this command at the root level of the repo:

```
scrapy crawl hypermail
```

The spider stores extracted emails in a `data` folder, containing:

+ `hypermailByEmail.csv`: all metadata collected is stored in this file, with each row corresponding to an email.
+ `hypermail/*`: a folder containing the content of the emails.
  Each email body is stored in a single `html` file.

## Development and testing

Some basic unit testing is provided in `mailingListScraper/tests`.
The main goal is to make sure that the data collected is consistent with your expectations.


You can test a specific spider running this command at the root level of the repo:

```
python -m unittest mailingListScraper.tests.hypermail
```

Commit message:

Complete the hypermail spider
The hypermail spider can now crawl through the entire LKML archive.
We had to rename some of the spider methods, hence some changes in
test file. We also used some Scrapy contracts to implement very
basic testing of the crawling methods.

README.md, after:

# Mailing List Scraper

**mailingListScraper** is a tool to extract data from public email lists in a format suitable for data analysis.

For now, this scraper only supports the Linux Kernel Mailing List, using this public archive : [http://lkml.iu.edu/hypermail/linux/kernel/](http://lkml.iu.edu/hypermail/linux/kernel/).

*Disclaimer:*

+ The hypermail spider is NOT ready for production use yet.
+ This scraper is developed in Python 3.5.2 with the [scrapy](https://doc.scrapy.org/en/latest/) framework.

## Set up

Make sure to install [scrapy](https://doc.scrapy.org/en/latest/intro/install.html) and the dependencies first.

```
pip install scrapy python-dateutil
```

Clone the repo and `cd` into it. You're done!

## Quick guide

You can launch a specific spider running this command at the root level of the repo:

```
scrapy crawl hypermail
```

The spider stores extracted emails in a `data` folder, containing:

+ `hypermailByEmail.csv`: all metadata collected is stored in this file, with each row corresponding to an email.
+ `hypermail/*`: a folder containing the content of the emails.
  Each email body is stored in a single `html` file.
  The file is named after its unique id, which is the timestamp for received time (like `20161017142556` for "received on 2016-10-17 at 14:25:56").
  If two or more emails were received at the same time, we append a 0 (or more) at the end of the timestamp.

## Development and testing

You can run the `scrapy check` command to run simple tests, with the built-in [Scrapy contracts](https://doc.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/contracts.html).

While contracts are fine for small verifications, they are not enough: you need to make sure that the data collected is consistent with your expectations.
That's why some basic unit testing is provided in `mailingListScraper/tests`.
Each spider and pipeline is to be tested with "real world" test cases.

The data for these test cases is provided in the `pages` directory.
Test cases consist of three files:

+ `emailId.html`: this is the page used as a Scrapy response to test the methods of the spider.
+ `emailId.json`: this is the data you expect to get from the spider.
  You can test the items extracted after they've been processed by the ItemLoader (`itemOutput`) and after they've been processed by the pipelines (`pipelineOutput`).
+ `emailId.txt`: that is the body you expect to retrieve from the page.

Each time you test a spider, it will iterate through a certain number of test cases.
You can test a specific spider running this command at the root level of the repo:

```
python -m unittest mailingListScraper.tests.hypermail
```
